CSC 544
David Slovikosky
Assignment 1

1. I am currently doing an independent study that requires analysis of massive amounts of data.
I figured that visualizing it properly would make the analysis much easier.

2. I think I will learn how to take thousands of data points and discover meaningful trends in 
the data which can easily be seen.

3. Java, C#, CSS, HTML, C, and some C++

4. Java by far

5. I have already created some visualizations for my independent study. Unfortunately,
I'm not sure what the best approach is to visualizations, so I'm hoping to learn!

6. My independent study deals with analysis of between a thousand and a few million pictures as data points.
These images were stored on a server and had no tools to really access or analyse them.

7. My favourite visualizations usually come from video games where interesting statistics are shared 
through the use of various charts and graphs. These charts contain statistics such as average time to beat
a level, total number of level playthroughs, etc... I like these visualizations because I can compare the
way I enjoy playing to the way other people play the game.

8. The worst visualization I have ever seen was the program I set out to improve in my independent study. It
took a massive amount of images as input and created a few thousand lines of ascii text file as output.
The text file contained ascii charts, tables, and graphs. They were incredibly difficult to read and understand.

9. Based on my diverse experience with programming languages in internships and independent studies, I think I would
 put myself in the top 20% of programmers in terms of experience.
 
10. I have taken math up to Calculus 2 and Linear Algebra, so probably less than most people. I would guess i'm in the middle 
of the class in terms of math skills. 

11. Yes! I have used Github for many classes and my independent study. 

12. I have a decent amount of experience with git, even though I typically do everything through Github Desktop or Github in general.

13. Lots of experience with Github!

14. Recently I've learned about JavaFX, a graphics library meant to replace Java's Swing. It's fantastic, and takes a completely different 
approach to creating GUIs through the use of an XML like language. It acts a lot like C# XAML format. This has been exciting to learn 
and implement in my independent study.